Hello, I shot the video what to do
when my husband leaves and many have written to me
comments and i was touched last
comments
Marinochka from you really girls
I left him not return convince herself
and set yourself a definite goal this
goal you reach
revenge everything else is in the background
you are the sea to take revenge on your husband if
you will reach a certain
provisions
certain heights of course we are not all
we can become a minister and we can all
become suppose there stars but we can
become normal people any occupation
which you can develop yourself
draw read go to work write
something
anyone any love my ability
develop don't fall in despair not
leave as they say themselves not on
where is tait itself such a horrible terrible
condition that everything is on my life
over you know about maybe better
what's gone maybe better you
got rid because sometimes
indeed it turns out
it is not known how his fate will be
and family
he has already lost a lot especially if his
not helping your child anyway
there will be some sort of recoil later
it is certainly impossible to rejoice and especially
can not suffer and juice I know of cases
cases from my friends
relatives, too, that the second brother
much more successful
here and krisa for the rest of life our half
the staff of their mate and 7 formed
the whole is good and the children live normally
normal families do not suffer and you
everything will be fine and in front of you is fine
and forget try to forget he is gone
let go and thank god he's gone and
let him suffer another and then already
what would happen like this 1 2 3 4 5 brother and he doesn't
will find anything good about the principle give
God I give him happiness and you are not angry with anyone
will wish and will think of ourselves and
your child marina again big
thank you very much and design on your
example here's an example in your grandmother
Of course I would like to have the fate of girls
It’s fine and good bye.
my dear all the best to you